Choosing a Docker SDK version (#1911)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/the-docker-sdk/202212.0/choosing-a-docker-sdk-version.md

git checkout "$(cat ../.git.docker | tr -d '\n\r')"
cd ..
```

#### CI validation

> If you're using CI, we highly recommend you to ensuring that reference and the submodule hashes are matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using CI, we highly recommend you ensure that the reference and submodule hashes are matching.
```

> Exmaple of the code could be like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Exmaple of the code could be like this:
```
